Improvements to background section (#158)
zcash/halo2: book/src/background/fields.md

  versa. We could also use whether or not an element is larger than $(p - 1) / 2$ to give
  it a "sign."

Finite fields will be useful later for constructing [polynomials](polynomials.md) and
[elliptic curves](curves.md). Elliptic curves are examples of groups, which we discuss
next.

## Groups

Groups are simpler and more limited than fields; they have only one binary operator $\cdot$

> and fewer axioms. They also have an identity, which we'll denote as $1$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and fewer axioms. They also have an identity, which we'll denote as $\mathcal{O}$.
```
(since 1 collides with the isomorphism-to-integers discussion later, and this is consistent with that section)

Author: No this would be more confusing. The standard notation for the additive and multiplicative identities of a field are 0 and 1 respectively. We only use \mathcal{O} for the identity of a group that is written additively.

I don't agree that it collides with the isomorphism-to-integers discussion. The sides of the isomorphism are different structures and could each be written with any notation.

Author: Also, although we *can* choose any notation, I think we *should* avoid having \mathcal{O} in an additively written group and \mathcal{O} in the scalar field that are *not* isomorphic (because the group identity corresponds to 0 in the scalar field, not 1).

[group]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_(mathematics)
[group-axioms]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_(mathematics)#Definition

Any non-zero element $a$ in a group has an _inverse_ $b = a^{-1}$,

> which is the _unique_ element $b$ such that $a \cdot b = 1$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is the _unique_ element $b$ such that $a \cdot b = \mathcal{O}$.
```

Author: Rejected, see above.

> scalars to negative integers by inversion, i.e. $[-k] A + [k] A = \mathcal{O}$ or
> $a^{-k} \times a^k = 1$.

The _order_ of an element $a$ of a finite group is defined (in multiplicative notation)

> as the smallest positive integer $k$ such that $a^k = 1$. The order _of the group_ is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the smallest positive integer $k$ such that $a^k = \mathcal{O}$. The order _of the group_ is
```

Author: Rejected, see above.
